# Setup Guide
If pop-over translate tooltip is not came out properly after installation, user need to reload all your existing pages to run web page with this extension. And, make sure to setting target translate language properly from pop up configuration page. Pop up configuration page is provided by click extension icon top right corner and click this extension's blue mouse icon. If user want to use this extension on local file, user need to set “allow access to file URLs” from chrome://extensions/?id=hmigninkgibhdckiaphhmbgcghochdjc.    


# Detail Description
Mouse tooltip translator is a chrome extension that give simple translation experience to user based on mouseover action. Mouse pointing action on any translation required web page text will activate this. This translator extension automatically translate mouse pointed text into user desired language text using google translate and it visualizes simple popover tooltip bubble with given translated text.
For giving ease translate user experience, this translator extension displays clean pop-over tooltip about translation when user hover on any translation desired text. It uses text hovering event to decide which text is required to be translated for user. It automatically collects pointed area and if text is given, it collects text as sentence to provide rapid translation on its sentence. Its translator surely supports one word translation if there is only one word sentence is given but in most of time, it directly gathers translation required text as sentence to translate its full sentence.   
Just user cursor hovering event give user translation experience directly. User does not require any other more action for translate text. This chrome extension minimizes general user action process that open new google translate tab for translation. With this extension, user does not require any more process other than hovering action. Other google chrome translator extension competitor surely minimize general user translation process that open new google translate tab but some of them still require additional few amount of user action. For translation purpose, this extension does not request to user to do text highlight (text select), right click (open context menu), clicking floating button, and open extension popup page.   
This extension uses google translate to interact data for language detection and translation feature. When text translation is required, it request translation for given text to google translate. Google translate communicate given text to provide its translated text to the extension. This extension handles given translated text by google translate to display in popover tooltip format. This chrome extension’s given text can be in any type of language text with google translate. Google translate provide multilingual translation service which support over 100 language translation. This extension support most of language that given by google translate.   
In this extension’s popup setting page, supported language list is provide to user. User can select any user desired google translate language for translation in this extension. Any foreign text can be translated into user desired language text with google translate from this extension. It only support google translate and Bing translator. This extension currently does not have any plan to support other translator like Naver translate service, Papago translator (파파고 번역기).    
This extension handles language detection feature based on google translate language detection. It sends its pointed text data on google translate and receive google translate’s language detection and google translate’s translated text at the same time from google. Google translate provide detected language type of given text and its translated text in one json format data. This translator extension use google translate's detected language data to decide display translated tooltip or not. This extension filters out text that has same language type of source language and target language. It is intended for give convenient translation experience to general user. If translation target language and detected language of mouseover text language are same, same type of language do not give much difference on translation. Non filter out on same type of language text translation situation just disrupts general user experience on web site by keep displaying user known language translate tooltip anywhere. For this reason, this chrome extension detects language type of mouse over text to prevent translation on same type of language.      
This translator extension provides google translate’s auto language detection service on translation. It handles its auto language detection feature which provide ease on user to minimize user interaction on source language selection for translate. Most of web site text does not require to provide source language selection to determine language to translate. This extension uses google translate’s auto language detection feature to automatically understand its source language to translate correctly with google translate. User can use this feature by select “Language from auto” in this extension’s pop-up configuration page. If user want to use google translate in specified source language translation, it provides source language selection on pop up configuration page to select to use google translate in any user desired source language.     
This extension just handles google translate and google text to speech service to give ease translation experience to user. This chrome extension is individual developer’s created extension that is not officially made by google. It does not own google translate. Google translate is owned by google. It handles Google’s provided google translate service to user without any profit. Main purpose of this google chrome extension is to remove language barrier on web site for society contribution. It gives free translate experience on any web site and it does not include any advertisement for clear translation experience. It provides simple and clear tooltip translation service on anywhere include news, social media, YouTube comment, pdf and any text web site.    
As a social contribution, this google chrome extension is open-source project in MIT license. Any developer can read its source code in the GitHub. In the GitHub, any user can check its main translation functionality and no harmful code injection. It does not track user translation history and it even does not inject google analytics code in this extension. This extension respect user privacy but user need to keep in mind that it sends hovering text to google translate for translation purpose. It uses any usage data only for google translation (text to speech) purpose. It does not share its usage data with any other third parties.   
This google chrome extension is intended to display translated tooltip simple as possible. It is not designed for any additional display feature like pronunciation and word type. This translator extension is intended to give ease translation to support user productivity on web page reading for any language with minimization on information overflow. This extension’s main design focus is to straight forward transmission on its translated sentence for clear user experience.   
This extension can be used to enhance user experience on language learning. It displays in page popover translated tooltip which is similar with any other inline translator. Any language learner student can easily compare original text and its translated text without new page conversion. It provides its pair (translated sentence and its original text) comparison experience to user to memorize its pair in mind smoothly. This can be used as language education model for user. With this google chrome extension, user can improve user’s language skill by understand translated tooltip from any user concerning contents like foreign novel and foreign news article.   
For supporting translate feature, this extension additionally support feature that spoke original text pronunciation using google TTS (text to speech). This extension supports TTS (text to speech) to speak pointed source text to user to listen its voice. To using this feature, user need to enable TTS (text to speech) feature from pop up configuration page. It uses google TTS (text to speech) to speak original text based on computer voice to give user to have an idea on how to pronounce its text. With this extension, any language learner student can enhance pronunciation knowledge skill on any language by listening this extension’s google TTS (text to speech) speech voice.    
This extension contains built-in PDF viewer which support pdf file to provide mouseover translation feature over pdf text. Its pdf supporting feature give a possibility to user to read foreign essay paper with translation. This extension does not use chrome pdf reader. Chrome pdf reader provide pdf as embed text format which has difficulty on text crawling process for translate with this extension. This translator extension intercept pdf URL and redirect to mouse tooltip pdf.js page to provide pdf reader with mouseover translator feature. Local pdf file is also supported when user give local URL permission to this extension. If user want to open local file with this extension, user need to open this URL, “chrome://extensions/?id=hmigninkgibhdckiaphhmbgcghochdjc” and turn on "Allow access to file.    
This extension currently has under development OCR feature to detect image text to process translate its text. When user mouse over on manga bubble background, this google chrome extension uses paint bucket brush method to mask out that positioned bubble to process OCR using tesseract.js to get its text for translate manga. If selected comic bubble background is not correctly separated from outside bubble with line, this extension's paint bucket brush method will mask out all page which lead to give fail OCR result.   


